Update Prow Jobs documentation (#5479)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/prow-jobs-quick-start.md

# Prow Jobs QuickStart

This document provides an overview of how to quickly start working with Prow jobs.

> 1. Fork [`test-infra`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra) repository and feature a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the [`test-infra`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra) repository and feature a new branch.
```

> 2. Jobs are generated from templates. To create one, add `<PROW JOB NAME>-data.yaml` file in the `templates/data` directory. The file should look like this:

Reviewer: "one" is ambiguous. Does it refer to "template" or "job"?

```suggestion
2. Jobs are generated from templates. To create a template, add the `<PROW JOB NAME>-data.yaml` file in the `templates/data` directory. The file should look like this:
```

or

```suggestion
2. Jobs are generated from templates. To create a job, add the `<PROW JOB NAME>-data.yaml` file in the `templates/data` directory. The file should look like this:
```

    ```yaml
    templates:
      - from: templates/generic.tmpl
        render:
          - to: ../prow/jobs/test-infra/stability-checker.yaml
        <CONFIGURATION>
    ```

>     In the `<CONFIGURATION>` part you can specify local config sets (**localSets**) and a configuration of a single job (**jobConfig**), where e.g., the name of the job can be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In the `<CONFIGURATION>` part, you can specify local Config Sets (**localSets**) and a configuration of a single job (**jobConfig**), where you can define, for example, the name of the job.
```

>     If needed, global config sets (**globalSets**) can be added to the `templates/config.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If needed, global Config Sets (**globalSets**) can be added to the `templates/config.yaml` file.
```

>     > **NOTE:** Make sure that your template file and Prow job have unique names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **NOTE:** Your template file and Prow job must have unique names.
```

>     - To learn more about **localSets**, **jobConfig** and **globalSets**, please refer to [specific documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To learn more about **localSets**, **jobConfig** and **globalSets**, read [Render Templates](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates). 
```

    - You can search for more examples of template files in the `templates/data` directory.

> 3. Render template with one of these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Render the template with one of these commands:
```

    ```bash
    go run development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates/main.go --data path/to/directory/with/data/files
    ```
    or 
    ```bash
    make jobs-definitions
    ```
    

>     - For more details on how rendering templates works, see [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/tree/main/development/tools/cmd/rendertemplates) document.

Author: Yes, should I combine those two?

>     > **NOTE:** Do not change generated file!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **CAUTION:** Do not change the generated file!
```
What would happen if the user changes it? Maybe we should mention the consequences.

Author: PR wouldn't be merged, because the job checking the generated file would fail.

> 4. Each Prow job must execute a command. It can be either specified directly in the Prow job definition file (`templates/data/<NAME-data.yaml>`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Each Prow job must execute a command. You can either specify it directly in the Prow job definition file (`templates/data/<NAME-data.yaml>`), or attach a script file to the Prow job definition file. The second alternative provides broader options.
```

> or you can attach there a script file, which provides broader options. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    localSets:
      jobConfig_default:
        command: "<SCRIPT_PATH>/<SCRIPT_NAME.sh>"
    ```
    Script files (`.sh`) are stored in `prow/scripts` directory.

> 5. To test PR in the Kyma repository create a new file `vpath/pjtester.yaml` in the `test-infra` repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To test PR in the Kyma repository, create a new file `vpath/pjtester.yaml` in the `test-infra` repository and reference the pipeline name (`<PROW JOB NAME>`).
```

> and reference the pipeline name (`<PROW JOB NAME>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    pjNames:
      - pjName: <PROW JOB NAME>
      - pjName: ...
    ```

>     - For more details on how to use `pjtester`, see [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/development/tools/cmd/pjtester/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For more details on how to use `pjtester`, read the [Prow Job tester](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/main/development/tools/cmd/pjtester/README.md) document.
```

>       document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 6. Create a pull request (PR) to `test-infra` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a pull request (PR) to the `test-infra` repository.
```

    > **NOTE:** It is recommended to keep PRs as draft ones until you're satisfied with the results.

   
7. Run test with a comment on your `test-infra` pull request (PR) 

>    e.g. using `/test all` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    - To learn more about interacting with prow, see [this](./prow-jobs.md#interact-with-prow) document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To learn more about interacting with Prow, read [Interact with Prow](./prow-jobs.md#interact-with-prow).
```
